Makes a lot of sense to have multiple cameras on
a self-driving car because you have different use cases.
You want to have different field of views.
Basically, for a tailor lens,
you want to see further away.
You will have wide-angle lenses for the near-field around the car.
You have different chips that cover different spectrums for night time driving,
for high dynamic range.
So there is a various number of applications,
and there are specialized cameras for each of those fields.
Camera-only depth perception can be very reliable,
but mostly in the near field.
In the far-field, it's getting really difficult.
The way we use different cameras is basically not
by relative synchronization or stitching of images,
but for each camera,
we basically want to do an absolute calibration with respect to
a common time frame or common position
that is usually the rear axle of the vehicle for instance.
If we have this intrinsic and extrinsic calibration,
we can map everything into one holistic global frame.
Cameras are really great because they have
a very high resolution compared to other sensors like LIDAR and RADAR.
So they can be used for classification scene interpretation.
Works much better as compared to others.
Traffic light detection for instance,
is one application where really only the camera can do the job,
no other sensor can see the light states.
So there are some circumstances where cameras have challenges for instance,
at nighttime driving, the sensitivity even if you have a high sensitive chip,
and high dynamic range, might still not be sufficient to detect objects.
There is also a problem with detecting or
measuring distance very precisely in the far field.
So because of the high resolution in a radial this direction,
you can see cross traffic,
if you consider a front-facing camera.
You can see close traffic really well,
and measure the velocity really well,
but if you have oncoming traffic,
it is really difficult to detect that velocity accurately.